Update README.md (#1)
Rajkishorvarma/eventzz: README.md

## Eventzz

> Discover seamless event planning with [Your Website Name]. From corporate conferences to weddings, find venues, catering, and entertainment tailored to your needs. Connect with trusted vendors for stress-free management. Create unforgettable experiences effortlessly with our user-friendly interface. Join satisfied clients who trust us for their event needs.

Reviewer: Correct Company name Here

> Discover seamless event planning with [Your Website Name]. From corporate conferences to weddings, find venues, catering, and entertainment tailored to your needs. Connect with trusted vendors for stress-free management. Create unforgettable experiences effortlessly with our user-friendly interface. Join satisfied clients who trust us for their event needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discover seamless event planning with EVENTZZ. From corporate conferences to weddings, find venues, catering, and entertainment tailored to your needs. Connect with trusted vendors for stress-free management. Create unforgettable experiences effortlessly with our user-friendly interface. Join satisfied clients who trust us for their event needs.
```
```suggestion
Discover seamless event planning with EVENTZZ, From corporate conferences to weddings, find venues, catering, and entertainment tailored to your needs. Connect with trusted vendors for stress-free management. Create unforgettable experiences effortlessly with our user-friendly interface. Join satisfied clients who trust us for their event needs.
```
